CASMINST-4893: add a command to determine if running the blacklist script is required (#1965)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: upgrade/1.2/Stage_0_Prerequisites.md

1. Blacklist the `rpcrdma` modules **only if needed**.

   This step is required if the Kubernetes worker nodes on the system contain Mellanox ConnectX-4

>    network cards. To make this determination, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   network cards.
```

   ```bash

>    ncn-m001# ssh ncn-w001 lspci | grep ConnectX-4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       ncn-m001# ssh ncn-w001 lspci | grep ConnectX-4
```

>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       ```
```

>    If no output is emitted, you can skip this step and continue to the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If no output is emitted, then skip the following sub-step and continue to the next step.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```suggestion

   2. Run the following script to add the necessary parameters to the kernel command line on the worker nodes.

```

>    On worker nodes containing ConnectX-4 network interface cards, the `rpcrdma` kernel module needs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       On worker nodes containing ConnectX-4 network interface cards, the `rpcrdma` kernel module needs
```

>    to be blacklisted so that it does not interfere with Slingshot Host Software. Run the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       to be ignored so that it does not interfere with Slingshot Host Software.
```

>    script to add the necessary blacklist parameters to the kernel command line on the worker nodes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
